Added changesets (#3346)
statelyai/xstate: .changeset/lazy-turtles-bread.md

---
'@xstate/test': major
---

@author: @davidkpiano

> Removed `.testCoverage()`, and instead made `getPlans`, `getShortestPlans` and `getSimplePlans` cover all paths by default.

Reviewer: Just being more accurate - it's still possible for some transitions not to be covered because of non-exhaustive event cases

```suggestion
Removed `.testCoverage()`, and instead made `getPlans`, `getShortestPlans` and `getSimplePlans` cover all states and transitions enabled by event cases by default.
```
